PROGRAM DESCRIPTION:

The program is written in c and since c support for different methods such as random number generation is expanded
in different libraries we first include libraries for support of time(), rand(), srand(), rand() methods \
as these are the methods used to generate a random number with a certain accuracy as randomness is concerned.\
**rand( )** returns a random positive integer in the range from 0 to 32,767.  
This function can be thought of as rolling a die with 32,767 faces.  
The numbers are generated by a mathematical algorithm which when given a starting number (called the "seed"), \
always generates the same sequence of numbers.  Since the same sequence is generated each time the seed remains \
the same, the rand( ) function generates a pseudo-random sequence.  To prevent the same sequence from being \ 
generated each time,we use **srand(x)** to change the seed value.\
Using srand(time(NULL)); makes use of the computer's internal clock to control the choice of the seed.\ 
Since time is continually changing, the seed is forever changing. 
In order to produce random integer numbers within a specified range, you need to manipulate the rand( ) function. 
 The formula is:\
\
int number = a + rand( ) % n;\
\
a = the first number in range\
n = the number of terms in range\
(range computed by  largest value - smallest value + 1)\
In our case we have : current  =  rand() % 10 + 1; for numbers from 1 to 10. \
**current** holds the current random value generated for each loop of while.  \
This value is saved on array **used**. This array serves to prevent duplicates since we could have cases \
with duplicate values generated and the request specifies that we will have each value once but in random order. \
The for loop checks array **used** if any element in it has the same value of **current** value generated. \
If such is the case, another int value **continue_next** is assigned to 1, which will be used at the condition: \
if(continue_next == 0). So by checking this variable we ensure there are no duplicates when displaying \
the numbers generated with printf and also this method is called exactly 10 times by controlling when variable \
**i** is incremented.

****

**HOW TO RUN THE PROGRAM ON LINUX AND MAC OS:**

**LINUX**

First save the program as **program.c**.

Then open a terminal and type:

gcc program.c -o program.c

Then you can run it with:

./program

**MAC OS**

First save the program as **program.c**.

Now you need the compiler, so you need to go to **App Store** and install **Xcode** which is Apple's compiler 
and development tools.

Then you need to install the command-line tools in **Terminal**.

Now we install the command-line tools like this:

**xcode-select** –**install**

****

Then you can compile your code with by simply running **clang** like this:

**clang program.c -o program**

Then you can run it with:

**./program**
